README.md, before:

# Build Tools

Simple examples of build tools using NPM scripts.

## Requirements

Nodejs

## JSHint

Helps to detect errors and potential problems in your JavaScript.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Lint JavaScript `npm run build:watch`

## Sass

Basic Sass configuration and setup, uses node-sass to compile Sass to CSS.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Watch for changes and compile SCSS to CSS `npm run build:watch`

## Sass Singularity GS

Sass configuration and setup, includes importing of Sass libraries using Eyeglass; Breakpoint and SingularityGS.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Watch for changes and compile SCSS to CSS `npm run build:watch`

## SVG Sprite / Sass SVG Sprite

Automated SVG spriting.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Build Sprite `npm run sprite`

## Browserify

Lets you require modules in the browser and bundles all your dependencies.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Build JavaScript `npm run build:js`

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

description for combined jshint browserify and minifyify

README.md, after:

# Build Tools

Simple examples of build tools using NPM scripts.

## Requirements

Nodejs

## JSHint

Helps to detect errors and potential problems in your JavaScript.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Lint JavaScript `npm run build:watch`

## Sass

Basic Sass configuration and setup, uses node-sass to compile Sass to CSS.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Watch for changes and compile SCSS to CSS `npm run build:watch`

## Sass Singularity GS

Sass configuration and setup, includes importing of Sass libraries using Eyeglass; Breakpoint and SingularityGS.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Watch for changes and compile SCSS to CSS `npm run build:watch`

## SVG Sprite / Sass SVG Sprite

Automated SVG spriting.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Build Sprite `npm run sprite`

## Browserify / JSHint Browserify / JSHint Browserify Minifyify

Browserify lets you require modules in the browser and bundles all your dependencies. Example with JSHint lints JavaScript before bundling and the example with Minifyify compresses JavaScript after bundling and maintains a sourcemap for easier debugging in the browser.

### Instructions

1. Install Node modules `npm install`
2. Build JavaScript `npm run build:js`

## License

MIT License
